[MUSIC]
All right, now that you've learned
about least squares, linear and
non-linear common filters, GPNS and INS
sensing for posed estimation and LiDARs.
It's time to put everything together for
the final project in this course.
By this point, you should have a solid
grasp of the methods commonly used for
vehicle state estimation, and
be ready to test your knowledge
in a more realistic scenario.
For this project, you will have an
opportunity to apply much of what you've
learned throughout this course,
as well as observe the inner workings and
interactions of various components found
in a full state estimation pipeline.
For the project,
you'll be provided with a data set
gathered during a test drive
in the carless simulator.
The data set contains measurements from a
sensor array on a moving self-driving car.
The sensor array consists of an IMU,
a GNSS receiver, and a LiDAR, all of
which provide measurements of varying
reliability and at different rates.
While driving, the vehicle is
subject to various dynamic effects
caused by the environment,
the drive train, and the suspension.
These effects are difficult
to accurately model.
Therefore, in a self-driving scenario,
the vehicle controller will rely on
measurements acquired by the sensors.
Your goal is to implement a state
estimator that fuses the available sensor
measurements to provide a reasonable
estimate of the vehicle's pose and
velocity.
Specifically, you will be implementing
the error state extended common filter
as described in module two.
Since it provides a high
degree of robustness, and
is a staple in state estimation.
We provide you with a skeleton for
the estimated pipeline,
which you will fill out using your own
implementation at each individual step.
In the main filter loop,
you will first update the state and
the uncertainty using IMU readings.
Whenever a GNSS or LiDAR measurement
becomes available, you will execute
the appropriate common gain computation,
error state, and covariance updates.
You will have access to the actual pose
and velocity values from Carla for
a large section of the trajectory.
So you will be able to compare
your trajectory estimates
to the ground truth data.
The project will be graded based on
the accuracy of the trajectory estimate
on a section of the trajectory for which
you do not have access to ground truth.
By the end of this project,
you should have a good understanding of
the main components that make up
a standard state estimation pipeline for
an autonomous vehicle.
If you have any questions that
I didn't answer in this video,
there are further instructions in
the programming assignment itself.
And you can always ask for
more information in
the discussion forums as well.
I hope you have fun
with the final project,
and I'll see you again
once it's completed.
Good luck.
[MUSIC]